He saved me again
Tired things
Why don't you tell Li Beixian? I, Li Xian
Great, you're alright.
Ji Xue, why are you here?
So I heard you were at the hospital.
I'm worried that something will happen to you.
Fortunately, you are all right.
What were you guys talking about?
Why was I so impulsive?
Even Ritsubukyun's fiancee
This kind of thing let him know
It will affect their feelings
Forget it, let's not talk about it.
Nothing. Maybe you heard it wrong.
That's good Bessie
Don't go in a hurry with other women
I'd be jealous!
Oh, I see.
Not anymore.
Mr. Li continues to seem to be in love
Wei Wei, then Bei Xian and I will leave first
Go on why did you lie to me
Wei Xian, why did I lie to you?
I said I was responsible for my woman
It stands to reason that only I and you know about this.
How did Mingwen know?